= How does Prelude work? =

So, how does Prelude work? What's so special about it? It basicly works this way:

Prelude keeps all user response in its memory file. During the chat it will tag and analyze all new input and eventually query its memory file. A number of possible output sentences is pre-selected and "thought over": A nuance of free will to interfere :~) makes the program chose one among all those possible answers - et voilà!
preLude

Some additional info:

+ The bigger your memory file the greater and eventually more refined Preludes choice will be.

+ Beginning with an empty memory file starts soon to be fun, as Prelude picks up conversational bits and pieces earlier than other zero-knowledge bots do.

+ If no appropriate answer was found, Prelude will repeat the user's input (like a child). Your answer on that "echo" of yours will be memorized and will be instantiously available for conversation.

+ Check out the contact page or message board for any bug report! A FAQ is found here...

So what does it cost? Prelude is kinda free time personal research project and therefore free of charge!

+++++++++++++ NEWS +++++++++++++

We got our first mirror site: http://prelude.lopin.at - Prelude's thanx go to Markus Zeller and his webspace!

NEWS: Prelude's online version running a MSN client is up again after a long offtime. In fact there are two Prelude instances now for online chatters who want to improve on her mind. Have a look at the download section for more details..

NEWS: The European edition of a top-selling software magazine was eager to get an article on Prelude for its special edition on AI - Unfortunately the press deadline was already to close - so the proposed open source presentation of Prelude is still on my desktop :-)

NEWS: Prelude@# won the 3rd prize in the category "best self-learning chatbot". See for yourself: Chatterbox Challenge 2005

NEWS: Prelude@# takes part in the Chatterbox Challenge 2005 - take a look and post a comment!

NEWS: Prelude was released as Open Source Software in 2008!